feat: add page with eks iam policies and roles (#4562)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/eks/advanced/eks-cluster-iam-polices-and-roles/index.md

> ---

Reviewer: The filename has a misspelling - it think you wanted 'eks-cluster-iam-policies-and-roles', not polices.  :-) 
These show up in the URI's for the page so we need to fix this...

layout: layout.pug

> navigationTitle: Explore New Cluster
> title: Explore New Cluster

Reviewer: These don't look right to me...   You will also need to check the menuWeight when adding a new page.

Probably something like?

```suggestion
navigationTitle: EKS Cluster IAM Policies and Roles
title: EKS Cluster IAM Policies and Roles
```

menuWeight: 25
excerpt: Configure IAM Prerequisites before starting an EKS cluster
enterprise: false
---
This guides a DKP user in creating IAM Policies and Instance Profiles used by the cluster’s control plane and worker nodes using the provided AWS CloudFormation Stack specific to EKS. The [IAM Policy][iampolicies] CloudFormation Stack has code for an additional role for EKS not needed in other AWS environments.

Prerequisites:
--------------

* A valid AWS account with [credentials configured][aws_credentials].
    
* Create the Instance Profiles, Roles, and Polices from the [AWS Prerequisite page][iampolicies] in your AWS account
    
* You will need to have the [AWS CLI utility installed][awscli].
    

EKS IAM Artifacts
-----------------

### Policies

*   `controllers-eks.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io` - enumerates the Actions required by the workload cluster to create and modify EKS clusters in the user's AWS Account. It is attached to the existing `control-plane.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io`  role
    

> *   `eks-nodes.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io` - enumerates the Actions required by the EKS workload cluster worker machines. It Is attached to the existing `nodes.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   `eks-nodes.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io` - enumerates the Actions required by the EKS workload cluster worker machines. It is attached to the existing `nodes.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io`
```

    

### Roles

*   `eks-controlplane.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io` - is the Role associated with EKS cluster control planes
    

**NOTE**: `control-plane.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io` and `nodes.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io` roles were created by [Instance Profiles, Roles, and Polices from the AWS Prerequisites][iampolicies].

  
Below is a [CloudFormation stack][cloudformation] that includes IAM policies and roles required to setup EKS Clusters:

```yaml
AWSTemplateFormatVersion: 2010-09-09
Parameters:
  existingControlPlaneRole:
    Type: CommaDelimitedList

>     Description: 'Names of existing Control Plane Role you want to add to the newly created EKS Managed Policy'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Description: 'Names of existing Control Plane Role you want to add to the newly created EKS Managed Policy for AWS cluster API controllers'
```

    Default: control-plane.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io
  existingNodeRole:
    Type: CommaDelimitedList

>     Description: 'ARN of the Nodes Managed Policy to add to the role'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Description: 'Names of existing Node role that you want to add to the newly created EKS managed policy for nodegroups'
```

              - "ec2:ModifyNetworkInterfaceAttribute"
              - "ec2:UnassignPrivateIpAddresses"
            Effect: Allow
            Resource:
              - '*'
          - Action:
              - "ec2:DescribeInstances"
              - "ec2:DescribeInstanceTypes"
              - "ec2:DescribeRouteTables"
              - "ec2:DescribeSecurityGroups"
              - "ec2:DescribeSubnets"
              - "ec2:DescribeVolumes"
              - "ec2:DescribeVolumesModifications"
              - "ec2:DescribeVpcs"
              - "eks:DescribeCluster"
            Effect: Allow
            Resource:
              - '*'
        Version: 2012-10-17
      Roles: !Ref existingNodeRole
    Type: 'AWS::IAM::ManagedPolicy'
  AWSIAMRoleEKSControlPlane:
    Properties:
      AssumeRolePolicyDocument:
        Statement:
          - Action:
              - 'sts:AssumeRole'
            Effect: Allow
            Principal:
              Service:
                - eks.amazonaws.com
        Version: 2012-10-17
      ManagedPolicyArns:
        - 'arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonEKSClusterPolicy'
      RoleName: eks-controlplane.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io
    Type: 'AWS::IAM::Role'
```

> To create the resources in the cloudformation stack copy the contents above into a file and run the following command after replacing  `MYFILENAME.yaml` and `MYSTACKNAME` with the intended values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Create the cloudformation stack using AWS CLI**:
Save above cloudformation stack into a file and run the following command after replacing  `MYFILENAME.yaml` and `MYSTACKNAME` with the intended values:
```
